# Solar
Point of sale System
@Starting Program
-Step 1: Start the Program Application.
-Step 2: Start Setup by typing the number 1 (or typing "SS" ) and hitting [Enter] 
  * Pressing 2 (or typing "MS") and [Enter] will start a Manual Setup (Currently this feature is not yet available) 
  * Pressing 3 (or typing "SP") and [Enter] will start program (Warning this feature is not yet available)
  * Pressing 4 (or typing "QP") and [Enter] will quit the program
-Step 3: [WARNING]:{The Program will Halt Setup and wait for user Response} The program will prompt you a question
asking if you want to install the dependencies in the "C:" Drive folder, Type "Y" or "N" and then press [Enter]
*if you chose "YES"
  -You will be asked to type out the path of the directory you would like to install dependencies in. (Do not include "C". the drive is already set.)
  EX Path: "C:\Users\ *User* \Documents" -Note: *User* represents whatever profile you use. do not type *user* as the program will fail to find the path. Do not type the "\" or the "/" as the program will automatically add them. Just type the folder name "Users" [Enter] "Documents" [Enter] ... Type [done] when your directory path is acurate.
   You will not have to type the "C:" part or the "\" 
  EX of how to do this... Users [Enter] *User* [Enter] Documents [Enter] done [Enter] -Note: done will not be added as part of the path
  When you type done, the program will then convert the words you typed into a path, then it will install dependencies
  
*if you chose "No"
 -Program will search for a usable drive using brute force methods... ie trying letters of the alphabet with a ":" until it finds a valid path;
 -Program will then install dependencies
 -Program will ask if you want to install dependacies in drive D as in most windows preinstalled environments, drive d is used as a recovery drive.

-Step 4:
 *Login Using your credentials. If this is the first time or you are an administrator the default password for admin is "adminPassword"

 -Step 5:
 *The Menu is shown. Each Menu item is shown in brackets. EX [POS]: Point of Sale. To access or run any of these menu items. Type the code in the brackets and hit [Enter].

@General
*THE MENU*
- In a Menu, [] indicate an option for you to use. EX [RET]: is a common menu item that brings you back to a menu
- Some Menu items will bring you to other menus. EX [POS] will bring you to the Point of sale menu, [SET] will bring you to the settings menu. Other Menu items will run a command such as [VSM]. [VSM] will show you the system messages.

*THE CONSOLE*
- The Console shows messages generated by the System.
- The Console is typically located below a Menu, though it may be shown in other parts of the program
- In the Console, It is common to see System Messages such as [System]: or [Warning]: Warning means something went wrong
while System means a notification of some kind. EX [System]: Item "test item" was successfully added to invoice, or [Warning]: Failed to Move Files
- The Console has 2 options that are controlled via the settings menu. It can show the time of each message or no. To change this setting you must be on the Main Menu. Once on the Main Menu Type "set" to access the settings menu. Once on the Settings menu type "dts" (Display Time Stamps). This command is automatic and will set a system message showing the current status of the setting. 

@mainBody
*Calls Login.displaySolarLogo() to show the Logo above the menu items.
**Global Variables**
  -Messages -Type ArrayList<String> //Holds System Messages
  -changeLog -Type ArrayList<String>//Holds the Change Log line by line
  -timeStamp -Type ArrayList<String>//records time stamps for all System Messages.
  -scan -Type customScanner (Object of customScanner.java)// User input
  -myDateObj -Type LocalDateTime (Object of LocalDateTime) -Stores: LocalDateTime.now();//time stamp object
  -myFormatObj -Type DateTimeFormatter (Object of DateTimeFormatter) - Stores: DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern("MM-dd-yyyy HH:mm:ss"); //Formats the Date/Time
  -dTime -Type String Stores: myDateObj.format(myFormatObj); //Stores the formatted date/time
  -timeSet -Type boolean Default Value: true; // controls Consoles date/time setting


**Functions**
-mainBody -Return Type: None, Function Type: Non-Static Constructor, "Program Start Menu"
-clear -Return Type: boolean, Function Type: Static, "Clears text off display"
-setTimeSet -Return Type: boolean, Function Type: Static, -Arg: boolean timeOnOff "Updates time Setting variable"
-getTimeSet -Return Type: boolean, Function Type: Static, "returns time Setting variable"
-getLastTime -Return Type: String, Function Type: Static, "returns last time in the timeStamp ArrayList"
-setNewMessage -Return Type: boolean, Function Type: Static, Arg: String message, "Adds new Message to the Messages ArrayList"
-getMesssageSize -Return Type: Int, Function Type: Static, "returns Message ArrayList Size"
-getLastMessage -Return Type: String, Function Type: Static, "returns Last Message in ArrayList"
-getLastMessageSize -Return Type: int, Function Type: Static, "Returns last index in the Messages ArrayList"
-removeLastMessage -Return Type: int, Function Type: Static, Arg: int size, "Removes Last Message in the Messages ArrayList"
-mainMenu -Return Type: Void, Function Type: Static, "Main Menu for Program"
-viewChangeLog -Return Type: String, Function Type: Static, "Displays contents of changeLog line by line"
-changeVersion -Return Type: String, Function Type: Static, "Change Program Version" *Can only be ran by Debug account & admin Account (User: test/admin)*
-updateChangeLog -Return Type: String, Function Type: Static, "Updates the Change Log" *Can Only be ran by Debug Account & admin Account(User: test/admin)*
-viewSystemMessages -Return Type: String, Function Type: Static, "Displays contents of System Messages Line by Line"
-startLog -Return Type: boolean, Function Type: Static, "Temporarily just return a boolean value." **Not Finished**
-createNewAccount -Return Type: boolean, Function Type: Static, "Creates a new Account" *Can Only be ran by Debug Account & admin Account(User: test/admin)*
-deleteAnAccount -Return Type: boolean, Function Type: Static, "Deletes Existing Account (Except Debug and administrative Accounts)" *Can Only be ran by Debug Account & admin Account(User: test/admin)* -Known Issues: if the user has logged in at one point while the program has not shutdown, the account wont delete-
*main -Return Type: None, Function Type: Static, Arg: String[]args, "Main method - Program call"

*Setup 
*Menu


@LoginPage 

@Setup





@POS